test: add testing steps to README (#8)
red-hat-storage/odf-cli: README.md

    ```bash
    odf --context=$(oc config current-context) [commands]
    ```

> ## Testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Installation

### Build from source

#### Requirements
- Go >= 1.21
- ODF storage cluster should be installed. 

```

Reviewer: We should spoon feed as much as we can in the READMe file :D

> 1. Clone the repository

Author: actually, in Markdown syntax we add `1.`  only in the numbering and it's auto-match otherwise in markdown syntax it through error
```yaml
MD029/ol-prefix: Ordered list item prefix [Expected: 1; Actual: 2; Style: 1/1/1]markdownlint[MD029](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint/blob/v0.32.1/doc/md029.md)
```

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/red-hat-storage/odf-cli.git
    ```

1. Change the directory and build the binary

    ```bash
    cd odf-cli/ && make build
    ```

> 1. Use the binary to test the commands, the binary will be present in `/bin/` directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the binary present in the`/bin/` directory to run the commands
```

    ```bash
    odf --context=$(oc config current-context) [commands]
    ```

## Installation

> ### Build from source

Reviewer 2: Empty section, no need for title?
```suggestion
```

Reviewer: This should refer to building from the github repository, if I'm not wrong. So it should be the title of all the points mentioned below.

 <!-- TBD -->

#### Requirements

- Go >= 1.21
- ODF storage cluster should be installed.

> 

Reviewer 2: Header for this section?
```suggestion
### Build and Run
```
